---
title: "Organizers"
---

# Organizers

**Julius von Kügelgen** is a PhD student in the Cambridge-Tübingen program, supervised by Bernhard Schölkopf at the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems and by Adrian Weller at the University of Cambridge. His research interests lie at the intersection of causal inference and machine learning, including causal reasoning for explainability, recourse and fairness; causal discovery; and identifiable causal representation learning. He has interned at Amazon (2019 - 2021) and was awarded a Google PhD Fellowship in Machine Learning in 2022. Previously, he studied Mathematics (BSc+MSci) at Imperial College London and Artificial Intelligence (MSc) at UPC Barcelona in Spain and at TU Delft in the Netherlands.

**Luigi Gresele** is a PhD student at the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems in Tübingen. His work mainly focuses on unsupervised learning and causality, in particular on identifiable approaches to representation learning inspired by principles of causal inference. During his PhD, he took part in an ELLIS exchange with the Parietal team within Inria-CEA, hosted by Bertrand Thirion and Aapo Hyvärinen, and worked as an Applied Science Intern at Amazon Research Tübingen, under the supervision of Dominik Janzing. Before his PhD, he studied Physics of Complex Systems at Politecnico di Torino and Université Paris-Saclay.

**Francesco Locatello** is a Senior Applied Scientist at Amazon Web Services (AWS). He is leading the Causal Representation Learning research team, where he is pursuing fundamental research in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and causality. He received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from ETH Zurich (2020) supervised by Gunnar Rätsch (ETH Zurich) and Bernhard Schölkopf (Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems), where he was awarded the ETH medal for outstanding doctoral dissertation. During his Ph.D. he was supported by a Google Fellowship and was a Fellow at the Max Planck ETH Center for Learning Systems and ELLIS.
Sara Magliacane is an assistant professor in the Informatics Institute at the University of Amsterdam and a Research Scientist at the MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab. In the past years, she has been working on causal discovery from different experimental settings and on methods to design experiments that would allow one to learn causal relations in a sample-efficient and intervention-efficient way. Her current focus is on causality-inspired machine learning, i.e. applications of causal inference to machine learning,  especially transfer learning, and formally safe reinforcement learning.

**Nan Rosemary Ke** is a research scientist at Deepmind. Prior to joining Deepmind, she was a PhD student at Mila advised by Chris Pal and Yoshua Bengio. Her research centres around developing novel machine learning algorithms that can generalise well to changing environments. In particular, she has been focusing on the synergies between causality and deep learning. She was named a Rising Star in Machine Learning in 2020 and has been awarded the Facebook PhD fellowship in 2019.

**Yixin Wang** is an LSA Collegiate Fellow (and an assistant professor of statistics as of Fall 2022) at the University of Michigan. She works in the fields of Bayesian statistics, machine learning, and causal inference. Previously, she was a postdoctoral researcher with Professor Michael Jordan at the University of California, Berkeley. She completed her PhD in statistics at Columbia, advised by Professor David Blei, and her undergraduate studies in mathematics and computer science at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Her research has received several awards, including the INFORMS data mining best paper award, Blackwell-Rosenbluth Award from the junior section of ISBA, student paper awards from ASA Biometrics Section and Bayesian Statistics Section, and the ICSA conference young researcher award.

**Yoshua Bengio** is a Full Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Operations Research at Université de Montreal, as well as the Founder and Scientific Director of Mila and the Scientific Director of IVADO. Considered one of the world’s leaders in artificial intelligence and deep learning, he is the recipient of the 2018 A.M. Turing Award with Geoff Hinton and Yann LeCun, known as the Nobel prize of computing. He is a Fellow of both the Royal Society of London and Canada, an Officer of the Order of Canada, Knight of the Legion of Honor of France, and a Canada CIFAR AI Chair.


Thanks to **Timothy Gebhard** for help setting up the workshop website.
